This doc contains short description of some aws services

AWS Amplify 
	. a set of tools and services that can be used together or on their own, 
		to help front-end web and mobile developers build scalable full stack applications, powered by AWS.
	. supports popular web frameworks including JavaScript, React, Angular, Vue, Next.js, 
		and mobile platforms including Android, iOS, React Native, Ionic, Flutter.
		
Amazon Macie 
	. is a fully managed data security and data privacy service 
	. uses machine learning and pattern matching to help you discover, 
		monitor, and protect sensitive data in your AWS environment.
		
VPC endpoint 
	. enables you to privately connect your VPC to supported AWS services 
	. powered by AWS PrivateLink 
		without requiring an internet gateway, NAT device, VPN connection, or AWS Direct Connect connection.
		
AWS Trusted Advisor 
	. provides best practice recommendations.
	
AWS Config 
	. enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the *configurations of your AWS resources
	. automate the evaluation of recorded configurations against desired configurations
	. simplify compliance auditing, security analysis, change management, and operational troubleshooting
	. By creating an AWS Config rule, you can enforce your ideal configuration in your AWS account

	
web application firewall (WAF)
	. monitor the HTTP and HTTPS requests that are forwarded to 
		an Amazon API Gateway API
		Amazon CloudFront 
		an Application Load Balancer
	. control access to your content
		Allow all requests except the ones that you specify
			useful to serve content for a public website, but you also want to block requests from attackers
		Block all requests except the ones that you specify
			useful to serve content for a restricted website whose users are readily identifiable by properties in web requests
		Count the requests that match the properties that you specify
			 count the requests that match those properties of interested without allowing or blocking those requests
			
Guard​Duty
	. a threat detection service that continuously monitors for malicious activity 
		and unauthorized behavior to protect your AWS accounts and workloads